# T16 Retrospective for Sprint 1

Area | What we did well | What we need to work on | What we will change
:--- | :------- | :--------- | :---------------------
**Teamwork** | We were able to communicate our ideas well.  We were each aware of what other team members were working on, what they were passing to the next group member, and why. | We had trouble getting together at the same time.  Some of this can be done on our own, but we all need to be working in the same room for certain portions of the assignment. | We will set up a group meeting time outside of class that each of us will always attend unless advanced notice is given to the other group members.
**Process** | We spoke before hand to make sure we each felt comfortable with the tasks assigned to us.  | We need to make sure that we have the same number of commits. We also need to make sure we commit our own work.  | At times we collaborated on the same portion of code, but only one person committed it, so our work is not being accurately represented on GitHub.  We will make sure our commits are more evenly-distributed and reflect the work done by each member.
**Tools** | Each member of our group is very comfortable with Java.  The implementation of the first parts were easy because of our familiarity with the language. | 	Our group is not used to dealing with JavaScript. We did not have issues with dealing with maven but we would like to explore it more. | We have now seen some code for JavaScript.  We can use HackerRank and other websites to better familiarize ourselves with this new language.
